Microservices architecture
	Microservices are a software development technique —a variant of the service-oriented architecture (SOA) structural style— that arranges an 
	application as a collection of loosely coupled services. In a microservices architecture, services are fine-grained and the protocols are 
	lightweight.
	Services in a microservice architecture (MSA) are often processes that communicate over a network to fulfil a goal using technology-agnostic 
	protocols such as HTTP.
	Services in a microservice architecture are independently deployable
	Services are organized around business capabilities.
	Services can be implemented using different programming languages, databases, hardware and software environment, depending on what fits best.
	Services are small in size, messaging-enabled, bounded by contexts, autonomously developed, independently deployable, decentralized and built 
	and released with automated processes.
	


Dockerize a .NET Core application

Dockerfile for an ASP.NET Core application
	A Dockerfile is a file that defines a set of instructions that creates an image. Each instruction in the Dockerfile creates a layer in the 
	image. For the most part, when you rebuild the image, only the layers that have changed are rebuilt. The Dockerfile can be distributed to 
	others and allows them to recreate a new image in the same manner you created it. While this allows you to distribute the instructions on 
	how to create the image, the main way to distribute your image is to publish it to a registry.


Build and run the Docker image
	An image is an ordered collection of filesystem changes that form the basis of a container. The image doesn't have a state and is read-only. 
	Much the time an image is based on another image, but with some customization. For example, when you create an new image for your application, 
	you would base it on an existing image that already contains the .NET Core runtime.
	A container is a runnable instance of an image. As you build your image, you deploy your application and dependencies. Then, multiple containers 
	can be instantiated, each isolated from one another. Each container instance has its own filesystem, memory, and network interface.


Development workflow for Docker apps

Dockerfile
	Docker can build images automatically by reading the instructions from a Dockerfile. A Dockerfile is a text document that contains all the 
	commands a user could call on the command line to assemble an image. Using docker build users can create an automated build that executes 
	several command-line instructions in succession.


Multi-stage builds in Dockerfile
	Docker начиная с версии 17.05 и выше стал поддерживать многоэтапные сборки (multi-stage builds).
	Каждый, кто собирал docker images знает, что практически каждая инструкция в Dockerfile добавляет отдельный слой и вам необходимо очистить этот 
	слой от всех лишних артефактов, перед тем как добавить новый слой. Поэтому чтобы создать действительно эффективный Dockerfile раньше вам 
	традиционно предлагали использовать скрипты и другую логику, чтобы поддерживать минимально возможный размер слоя. Обычной практикой было 
	использовалось несколько Dockerfile в зависимости от целей сборки образа — один файл для DEVELOPMENT с определенным набором средства для 
	отладки, профайлинга и всего остального и другой образ, гораздо меньшего размера для развертывания приложение на STAGING или PRODUCTION, с 
	набором компонентов, необходимых для работы приложения.
	Так вот много-этапные (multi-stage builds) сборки позволяют значительно упростить этот процесс и описать его внутри Dockerfile. Каждая 
	инструкция FROM может использовать индивидуальный базовый образ и каждая из них начинает новую стадию сборки docker образа. Но основное 
	преимущество, что вы можете копировать необходимые артефакты из одной стадии в другую


Create your custom Docker images and embed your application or service in them
	


Define your services in docker-compose.yml(multi-container Docker application)
	


Build and run your Docker application
	


