Relational terminology: Entities
	An entity may be defined as a thing capable of an independent existence that can be uniquely identified. An entity is an abstraction from 
	the complexities of a domain. When we speak of an entity, we normally speak of some aspect of the real world that can be distinguished from 
	other aspects of the real world.
	Entities can be thought of as nouns.
	An entity is a thing that exists either physically or logically. An entity may be a physical object such as a house or a car (they exist 
	physically), an event such as a house sale or a car service, or a concept such as a customer transaction or order (they exist logically—as 
	a concept). Although the term entity is the one most commonly used, following Chen we should really distinguish between an entity and an 
	entity-type. An entity-type is a category. An entity, strictly speaking, is an instance of a given entity-type. There are usually many 
	instances of an entity-type. Because the term entity-type is somewhat cumbersome, most people tend to use the term entity as a synonym 
	for this term

Relational terminology: Attributes
	Entities may be characterized not only by relationships, but also by additional properties (attributes), which include identifiers called 
	"primary keys". Diagrams created to represent attributes as well as entities and relationships may be called entity-attribute-relationship 
	diagrams, rather than entity–relationship models.
	This model organizes data into one or more tables (or "relations") of columns and rows, with a unique key identifying each row. Rows are 
	also called records or tuples. Columns are also called attributes. Generally, each table/relation represents one "entity type" (such as 
	customer or product). The rows represent instances of that type of entity (such as "Lee" or "chair") and the columns representing values 
	attributed to that instance (such as address or price).

Relational terminology: Records (Tuples)
	Record (also called a structure, struct, or compound data) is a basic data structure. Records in a database or spreadsheet are usually called 
	"rows". 
	A record is a collection of fields, possibly of different data types, typically in fixed number and sequence. The fields of a record may also 
	be called members, particularly in object-oriented programming; fields may also be called elements, though these risk confusion with the 
	elements of a collection.

Relationships (One-to-One, One-to-Many)
	

Understanding ER notation
	

Understanding normalization concept
	Database normalization is the process of structuring a relational database in accordance with a series of so-called normal forms in order to 
	reduce data redundancy and improve data integrity.
	To satisfy 1NF, the values in each column of a table must be atomic.
	2NF -> does not have any non-prime attribute that is functionally dependent on any proper subset of any candidate key of the relation. A non-
	prime attribute of a relation is an attribute that is not a part of any candidate key of the relation.
	A table in third normal form (3NF) is a table in 2NF that has no transitive dependencies.
	A relational schema R is considered to be in Boyce–Codd normal form (BCNF) if, for every one of its dependencies X → Y, one of the following 
	conditions hold true: 1) X → Y is a trivial functional dependency (i.e., Y is a subset of X); 2) X is a superkey for schema R
	4NF -> concerned with a more general type of dependency known as a multivalued dependency. A table is in 4NF if and only if, for every one of 
	its non-trivial multivalued dependencies X ->  Y, X is a superkey—that is, X is either a candidate key or a superset thereof

Data Integrity
	Data integrity is the maintenance of, and the assurance of the accuracy and consistency of data over its entire life-cycle, and is a critical 
	aspect to the design, implementation and usage of any system which stores, processes, or retrieves data. The term is broad in scope and may have 
	widely different meanings depending on the specific context – even under the same general umbrella of computing. It is at times used as a proxy 
	term for data quality, while data validation is a pre-requisite for data integrity. Data integrity is the opposite of data corruption. 
	The overall intent of any data integrity technique is the same: ensure data is recorded exactly as intended (such as a database correctly 
	rejecting mutually exclusive possibilities,) and upon later retrieval, ensure the data is the same as it was when it was originally recorded. 
	In short, data integrity aims to prevent unintentional changes to information. Data integrity is not to be confused with data security, the 
	discipline of protecting data from unauthorized parties.
