1. Understanding networks: layers and protocols
	Protocol - set of rules that governs the communication between computers on a network. 
	OSI (open system interconnetcion) - defines 7 layers.
	Four main layers in simplification: Physical/data link (Ethernet); Network (IP, Ipx); 
	Transport (Tcp, spx); Session/presentation/application (http, ftp, telnet. smtp, dns).



2. Basic understanding of TCP/IP model and protocols
	The application layer is the scope within which applications, or processes, create user data and communicate this data to other applications 
	on another or the same host. The applications make use of the services provided by the underlying lower layers, especially the transport layer 
	which provides reliable or unreliable pipes to other processes. The communications partners are characterized by the application architecture, 
	such as the client-server model and peer-to-peer networking. This is the layer in which all application protocols, such as SMTP, FTP, SSH, 
	HTTP, operate. Processes are addressed via ports which essentially represent services.
	The transport layer performs host-to-host communications on either the local network or remote networks separated by routers. It provides a 
	channel for the communication needs of applications. UDP is the basic transport layer protocol, providing an unreliable connectionless datagram 
	service. The Transmission Control Protocol provides flow-control, connection establishment, and reliable transmission of data.
	The internet layer exchanges datagrams across network boundaries. It provides a uniform networking interface that hides the actual topology 
	(layout) of the underlying network connections. It is therefore also the layer that establishes internetworking. Indeed, it defines and 
	establishes the Internet. This layer defines the addressing and routing structures used for the TCP/IP protocol suite. The primary protocol 
	in this scope is the Internet Protocol, which defines IP addresses. Its function in routing is to transport datagrams to the next host, functioning 
	as an IP router, that has the connectivity to a network closer to the final data destination.
	The link layer defines the networking methods within the scope of the local network link on which hosts communicate without intervening routers. This 
	layer includes the protocols used to describe the local network topology and the interfaces needed to affect the transmission of Internet layer 
	datagrams to next-neighbor hosts.


3. Defining internet, intranet and VPN
	Internet - the global system of interconnected computer networks that uses the Internet protocol suite (TCP/IP) to link devices worldwide. It is a 
	network of networks that consists of private, public, academic, business, and government networks of local to global scope, linked by a broad array
	of electronic, wireless, and optical networking technologies. The Internet carries a vast range of information resources and services, such as the 
	inter-linked hypertext documents and applications of the World Wide Web (WWW), electronic mail, telephony, and file sharing.
	Intranet - a computer network for sharing information, collaboration tools, operational systems, and other computing services only within an 
	organization, and to the exclusion of access by outsiders to the organization. The term is used in contrast to public networks, such as the 
	Internet, but uses most of the same technology based on the Internet Protocol Suite.
	VPN - extends a private network across a public network, and enables users to send and receive data across shared or public networks as if their computing 
	devices were directly connected to the private network (virtual private network)

4. Basics of Firewalls and DMZ


5. Application layer protocols basics (HTTP, FTP, Telnet)


6. Understanding HTTP and WWW


7. Basic troubleshooting tools (ICMP, ping, traceroute)


8. Client/Server model


9. Sockets, IP and port addressing


10. Using proxy server


11. File transfer services: FTP, TFTP


12. Name resolution services: DNS, whois


13. Remote access services: Telnet, SSH, rdesktop, VNC
	Telnet - 
	SSH - 
	Rdesktop - 
	VNC - 


14. The basic difference between HTTP and HTTPS protocols
	Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) -> extension of http, used for secure communication over a computer network, widely used on the internet.
	In https the comunication protocol is encrypted using transport level security (tsl) or its predecesor, secure socets layer (ssl). 
	Motivation: authentication of the accessed website, protection of privacy and integrity of data while transaction. Bidirectional encryption.
	Other differences: Port (http: 80, https: 443), Layer: (http: Application, https: Transport)
